Remove server-specific reverse proxy pages from ToC (#5634)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/book/system-administration/reverse-proxy-configuration-with-jenkins/index.adoc

== General Guidelines

Jenkins actively monitors reverse proxy configuration.
Jenkins reports link:../../reverse-proxy-configuration-troubleshooting/["`+Your reverse proxy setup is broken+`"] when it detects a reverse proxy configuration problem.

> See the link:../../reverse-proxy-configuration-troubleshooting/[troubleshooting] section if Jenkins is reporting that your reverse proxy setup is broken.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the link:../../reverse-proxy-configuration-troubleshooting/[troubleshooting] section if Jenkins is reporting that your reverse proxy setup is broken.
```
small wording suggestion for accessibility inclusion

A reverse proxy must handle the HTTP response by either rewriting the response or setting HTTP headers on the forwarded request.
When HTTP response handling is misconfigured, Jenkins may fail to show updated information on a page or it may ignore changes submitted through web pages.

> See the link:../../reverse-proxy-configuration-troubleshooting/[troubleshooting] section if Jenkins is reporting that your reverse proxy setup is broken or pages are not behaving as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the link:../../reverse-proxy-configuration-troubleshooting/[troubleshooting] section if Jenkins is reporting that your reverse proxy setup is broken or pages are not behaving as expected.
```
small wording suggestion for accessibility inclusion
